Add clarification for override using alias + case-insensitive (#6187)
github/linguist: docs/overrides.md

# Replace any whitespace in the language name with hyphens:
*.glyphs linguist-language=OpenStep-Property-List

> # You can also use an alias of the language (eg. js instead of JavaScript)
> *.cshtml linguist-language=js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Language names are case-insensitive and may be specified using an alias:
*.cshtml linguist-language=js
```

Author: Good point! But I'd prefer to keep this info in a seperate line for more clarity. I've updated the code accordingly.

Reviewer: This is an introductory section, so it behoves us to keep examples as concise as possible. If the wording I proposed earlier was unclear, perhaps try this instead:

~~~gitattributes
# Language names are case-insensitive and may be specified using an alias:
# the following three lines are all functionally equivalent:
*.es linguist-language=js
*.es linguist-language=JS
*.es linguist-language=JAVASCRIPT
~~~

Author: Ok, that multi-line example is clear enough. I've pushed this change with a slight punctuation adjustment to avoid using the colon twice.
